# CS-305-11006-M01-Software-Security-2024-C-3-May---Jun-

<h3>Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?</h3>
<p>Artemis Financial is a busniess which creates personalized financial plans for clients, including investments and savings. The goal is to help modernize the company by examining the existing system for security. Due to the nature of their work, Artemis Financial needs a highly secure system, to stay in accordance with data and privacy laws and regulation, and to mitigate risk to their clients.</p>
<h3>What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?</h3>
<p>I think I did a good job at identifying what areas of security would affect the system the most, and how to implement security in these areas. It's important to have strong security in your code to prevent the system from behaving in unexpected ways. Threats can come from malicious actors, who actively try to break into the system for their own benefit, and from users who are simply making a mistake. Neither should be able to access the sensitive layers and data within the system, and neither should be able to take control of the system. Implementing thorough and strong security can help save a company a lot of money, time, and headache, but more importantly, it can save the lives of the customers who use the system. There are many examples of why software security is so vital, an upcoming example are the new Tesla cars, which have no physical connection between the steering wheel and tires, meaning it is all just software. It is vital that the software is secure and robust to prevent someone hacking the car and taking control away from the driver, or a malfunction causing the car to behave in unexpected ways.</p>
<h3>Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?</h3>
<p>I think the vulnerability assessment digram made the process a bit easier, but I find the dependency report to be difficult to read. I will keep practicing with the report and trying to understand what each thing means. I think becoming more familiar with various libraries will make it easier to understand too.</p>
<h3>How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?</h3>
<p>I increased security in a few ways. I tried to follow the vulnerability assessment diagram and I suggested coding techniques which would accomplish each step in the diagram. For example, for input validation and sanitization I recommended ways to incorporate this into the code through specific lines or specific spots where it would be most helpful.</p>
<h3>How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?</h3>
<p>I conducted additional tests and ran additional dependency checks.</p>
<h3>What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?</h3>
<p>I think everything I learned in this class will be useful for me. I learned more about how to use Eclipse, so now troubleshooting is a bit easier, I learned how to do a dependency check, which will help with ensuring my code is secure, I learned how to suppress false positives, which helps improve my ability to identify the real threats, and I learned about cipher algorithms. I want to practice with all of this more, of course, but I feel more confident in my skills now. I also learned a lot about Spring, and I actually took an additional mini course about Spring Boot outisde this class to help bolster my knowledge.</p>
<h3>Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?</h3>
<p>I think I would share the entire project. I would show what the code looked like before and after, and I would share the report to explain why I made the changes I did. I don't know if I should only share little parts, but I'm pretty proud of my work, so I would share it all until I learn to do otherwise.</p>
